today welcome to Todd's kitchen
cheesecake has to be one of my most
favorite desserts of all time and while
everyone also loves chocolate too so
let's mix it up a little bit so join me
today as I make a triple chocolate
cheesecake okay let's start off with
until food process we're going to place
in our chocolate biscuits now I just
want a chocolate biscuit biscuit here
you can find just full chocolate ones
they're perfectly good okay we're going
to mix this till they come up to a fine
breadcrumb go into a bowl with the bread
crumbs going to placing 80 grams of
unsalted butter and we're going to give
it a very good mixture just till it's
well combined
okay place a new cookie mixture into a
springform pan that I've lined with
baking paper or parchment paper just
want you to even have a mixture just
like so then grab grab a teacup just
like this just to even it out then push
it down just till it forms a nice firm
base okay once done we're going to place
this into the fridge for 20 minutes to
set okay you talk are filled a 1/3 cup
of boiling water we were placing 20
grams of gelatine then just give a very
good stir just until it's all dissolved
okay into a bowl place 500 grams of
cream cheese that I've just brought to
room temperature today we're going to
add half a cup of icing or confectionery
sugar then we'll get add one cup of milk
now we leave this on low until it's nice
and smooth
again once it starts to smooth we're
going to pour it out gelatine mix and
just going to let that mix for about say
about 20 seconds just so it's well
combined okay now just evenly divided
the cream cheese mixture between two
bowls so into one Bowl we're going to
place some chunk white chocolate that
I've just melted the microwave and I'm
just going to stir that through till
it's well combined
okay once done on the other bowl I've
got some dark chocolate here that I just
sauce that melt in the microwave I'm
going to pour that right on top of there
cream cheese and sample the other one
just going to mix it in very well till
it's well combined okay next we're going
to be through one and a half cups of
thickened cream until soft peaks form
okay looking fantastic
as you can see Peaks are starting form
when you raise up the low bar okay now
grabbing the whipping cream we're going
to evenly divide it between both walls
now just fold it through just to it just
so it's well combined don't over over
the combined it of course okay so once
you've done that one then just combine
the white chocolate version with the
whipped cream okay once all combined
we're going to grab our base that we
prepared earlier I'm going to grab our
chocolate mix to start with I'm just
going to put it right in there then
we're just going to spread it out just
so it's nice and flat and it covers all
sides okay once Doug just gets a paper
towel and just run it just along the
inside there just do it again
I'm just so that when we put the white
chocolate on top you're not going out
bits of dutch chocolate
turn it off the white which will spoil
the effect okay once done we're going to
place this into the freezer for about 10
to 15 minutes just cell foams up on top
okay so just take it out of the freezer
now let's start to firm up on top so now
we're going to add in the white topping
and again just spread it out just so
it's nice and even
okay so ones done grab some milk
chocolate and if your choice will do and
a shredder and just shrimp some of that
lovely chocolate brown on top get what
you like that I'm going to get a very
light dusting of some cocoa okay once
done we're going to place this into the
freezer for four hours to set ok so just
take this out of the freezer after about
four hours and tell you what it's
looking fantastic with that if the
chocolate layer is a base chocolate
cheesecake their white cheesecake and
some chocolate on top it's looking
perfect thanks for watching this episode
of Todd's kitchen you show to show me
the log but give me a thumbs up leave a
comment subscribe and I'll see you next
time for another delicious recipe